release v3.0.1 (#791)
mandiant/capa: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug Fixes

### capa explorer IDA Pro plugin

### Development

### Raw diffs
- [capa v3.0.1...master](https://github.com/fireeye/capa/compare/v3.0.1...master)
- [capa-rules v3.0.1...master](https://github.com/fireeye/capa-rules/compare/v3.0.1...master)

## v3.0.1 (2021-09-27)

> This version updates the vivisect dependency. Users will experience less bugs and improved analysis results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version updates the version of vivisect used by capa. Users will experience fewer bugs and find improved analysis results.
```
